(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(foreboding music)
[Argomon] The time has come
to consume life,
to consume the world,
to consume all.
-Negamon!
-(Kari gasps)
Another tentacle?
Now where's it going?
Kari?
(suspense music)
[Kari] It's headed to our world.
(tentacles rustling)
(Sora gasps)
[Sora] No way!
This can't be possible.
Well, I guess just about
anything can happen now.
Oh dad, mom, and grandpa!
(Izzy gasps)
(suspense music)
A digivolution?
I'm not even sure
what's happening!
We can put a stop to this.
We're the only
ones who can do it.
If we did it before,
we can do it now!
Except this time,
we are protecting
something bigger.
Let's do this together.
Yeah, this is just like any
other fight we won, right?
We'll leap into the dark!
I only mean that
figuratively, but anyway,
I'm ready when you are!
The enemy's power is immense.
However, the same
can be said for ours!
[TK] We'll never lose hope!
[Kari] And we'll never give
up because we're the light!
Everyone, let's go!
(suspense music)
(foreboding music)
(light flashing)
(tentacles swooshing)
[HerculesKabuterimon] The
enemy is starting to engage!
If we are being attacked,
then that means Negamon
must feel threatened,
which means we still
have a chance here.
[Vikemon] Then let's do it.
-(foreboding music)
-(tentacles rustling)
[Mimi] That must be
what's erasing everything.
[Rosemon] Then we're
getting closer.
(Tai grunts)
-Seraphimon!
-Yes.
-Ophanimon!
-Let's go.
(Seraphimon and Ophanimon roars)
(intense music)
[Phoenixmon] We'll
take the tentacles!
(intense music)
[Matt] We can do this!
[Tai] Keep charging ahead!
-Right!
(intense music)
Rose Spear!
(spear swooshing)
(Vikemon roars)
Arctic Blizzard!
Man, that's cold.
Yeah, that's our bad.
I can't afford to
hold back my powers.
I couldn't agree more.
(HerculesKabuterimon roars)
It's not just Japan,
it's the world!
The Digimon's
powers and presence
that seemed to only affect
electronics up until now
have managed to cross
that border into our world
and materialize.
They're no longer data.
They're becoming real.
Phoenixmon!
Starlight Explosion!
(light booming)
(singing in Japanese)
Geez, I can hardly breathe
with all these
stuff in the air.
[Ophanimon] This is
the negative energy
flowing from Negamon.
The body is in here!
Calm your mind and
feel it's presence.
Do it, Metalgarurumon!
Metal Wolf Claw!
(intense music)
(light swooshing)
(missile swooshing)
(MetalGarurumon and
Wargreymon roars)
I feel it, the enemy's presence.
(missile booming)
(intense music)
(Negamon screams)
(missile booming)
(intense music)
(singing in Japanese)
(Izzy grunts)
Here it comes!
(singing in Japanese)
[MetalGarurumon]
Grace Cross Freezer!
(intense music)
(singing in Japanese)
(Tai and WarGreymon roars)
[WarGreymon] Terra Force!
(intense music)
(Negamon booming)
(fire roaring)
(Vikemon and Rosemon grunts)
[HerculesKabuterimon]
What? Did we do it?
(fire roaring)
(suspense music)
Huh, no.
[TK] Huh?
It's just a shell!
(ash swooshing)
(foreboding music)
(eyes crackling)
(Tai gasps)
(suspense music)
-(tentacles thudding)
-(digimons grunts)
(suspense music)
(ground booming)
(HerculesKabuterimon grunts)
(Phoenixmon cries)
(Sora grunts)
(suspense music)
(Tai grunts)
-[Tai] Huh?
-(walls crackling)
(suspense music)
This anomaly is being witnessed
around the globe (indistinct).
Both New York and Paris are-
At the same time, a major
network disturbance is-
Please be careful!
All citizens, avoid
contact with the anomaly!
I repeat, all citizen-
(suspense music)
(Wargreymon grunts)
(missile swooshing)
(missile booming)
Ugh, Sora, Izzy,
can you hear me?
Mimi? Joe?!
(foreboding music)
[TK] Seraphimon!
[Kari] Ophanimon!
[Seraphimon] No need to worry.
So this is Negamon's
true digivolution.
(foreboding music)
An abyss that consumes all!
A bottomless pitch of darkness!
(foreboding music)
(magical music)
(dream-like music)
[Tentomon] Izzy?
Izzy, are you there?
(Izzy groans)
Say something if you
can hear me, Izzy.
[Izzy] Tentomon?
Where are you?
[Tentomon] Ugh, I'm
not really sure.
I can hear you, but
I can't see you.
What is happening?
[Sora] Biyomon?
[Biyomon] I'm here, I think?
[Tentomon] Oh good, at
least we're not alone.
[Izzy] This is...
Our world, isn't it?
[Joe] What's
happening right now?
[Gomamon] The
Digital World is...
[Joe] Gomamon?
[Gomamon] Joe, is that you?
[Joe] That's weird.
I can't see you, but
I know you're there.
[Palmon] This is too strange.
I don't like it one bit.
[Mimi] Don't tell me we're stuck
floating around
as ghosts forever.
[Izzy] Is this Negamon's power?
If Negamon devoured our
very existence then...
[Tentomon] Does that mean
we're just leftovers?
[Biyomon] I'm starting
to feel sleepy.
[Sora] You can't!
If we lose consciousness now,
then that really will
be the end for us.
But, if we stay like this,
we won't be able to do anything.
(intense music)
(Wargreymon grunts)
(Tai pants)
(intense music)
(Metalgarurumon grunts)
(Tai grunts)
[Argomon] Driven by this
unstoppable impulse.
Negamon will consume all,
consume every existence,
and evolve into the
ultimate destruction
where nothing's born
or will ever begin.
The absolute end.
(suspense music)
Got any fight left in ya?
Yeah, I think I can still move.
Metalgarurumon, it's up to us.
Hang on a little longer.
Don't worry, I'll get up
as many times as I need to.
(intense music)
(Tai and Wargreymon roars)
[Sora] That's Tai and Matt.
(Izzy exclaims)
[Izzy] They're still out
there fighting even now!
(intense music)
[Palmon] Wargreymon
and Metalgarurumon...
They're still fighting.
(intense music)
(Metalgarurumon roars)
Terra Force!
(intense music)
(Negamon booming)
(fire roaring)
[Joe] It's not over
until we say it is
and I'm not giving up!
[Mimi] There has to
be something we can do
to get back in there and help.
(mechanical music)
You can do it!
(fire roaring)
We never back down
and never give up!
Your first mistake was
underestimating our true power!
-Big brother!
-(laser swooshing)
-(Seraphimon grunts)
(Seraphimon grunts)
(Seraphimon groans)
-Seraphimon!
-(Ophanimon grunts)
(light swooshing)
(Negamon booming)
[Izzy] Huh? Ah.
[Tentomon] Huh? What is that?
(magical music)
[Izzy] Ah, huh?
It feels so warm.
Huh? What's happening?
My goodness!
(magical music)
Wow, these lights...
They look familiar!
(peaceful music)
They're the lights from before!
This is the light of hope.
Is it coming from
the human world, too?
How is that possible?
-(device ringing)
-(Izzy and Sora gasps)
(peaceful music)
Huh?
Voices.
I can hear voices.
You can do it.
They're cheering for us!
[Tentomon] You mean
there are people
all the way in the human world
who can sense we're fighting?
[Izzy] Yeah, and all
their messages, prayers,
and wishes are being
converted into data
so powerful that it bypasses
the network entirely.
This positive energy
opposes the negative energy
that Negamon feeds on.
The light of hope!
Hmm.
I promise to give it my all!
Maybe the only reason
this phenomenon happened
is because Negamon caused
the world's borders
to collapse on themselves.
I didn't understand half
of what you just said,
but Izzy, doesn't this
mean we have a chance
to turn the tables on
Negamon and end this crisis?
Every one of these lights
symbolizes someone out there
who believes in us.
Then it's our duty to live
up to their expectations!
You might just do it, yes.
You children might be
able to perform a miracle
even greater than that of
defeating Millenniummon.
A miracle!
[Everyone] A miracle!
(triumphant music)
Let's focus this energy
and send it to Tai's side.
It's gonna take
everything we've got.
Are you with me
HerculesKabuterimon?
Oh, we're not done yet.
When Izzy puts his
mind to something,
nothing can stop him!
Phoenixmon, together!
Nothing would make me happier
than fighting by
your side to the end!
Let's do this, Rosemon!
We have to give it our
all no matter what!
Let's go, Vikemon!
If we fight together,
we can do it!
[Devimon] I hear it.
(triumphant music)
Huh?
Oh!
I hear it.
The voices that are resonating
beyond the Digital World,
gathering hope in
the form of light.
Despite the destruction at hand,
the hope shines brighter
than ever before.
And now, it's
creating a miracle.
Then the whim of us shadows
must also do the same.
I see now.
So this is the
answer you reached.
Well done, dear friend.
(TK grunts)
(Kari grunts)
[Seraphimon and Ophanimon]
Light of hope, heed my call!
Gather here and lend
me your strength!
(Sora gasps)
-(Sora grunts)
-(Izzy grunts)
(digimon roars)
(triumphant music)
(intense music)
Whoa!
(light swooshing)
(intense music)
(Negamon booming)
Amazing!
The ultimate miracle!
The Celestial Knight!
Omnimon!
(intense music)
[Tai] Matt, did
you feel it, too?
I did, I felt every one of them.
Their hopes, prayers...
We're not alone here.
Their will is with us!
Tai,
Matt,
it's time.
Let's go!
-Yeah.
(intense music)
We're putting an end to this.
The great catastrophe
ends here and now!
(intense music)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] Next up on The
Digimon Encyclopedia is...
Omnimon!
This legendary Digimon
comes from Wargreymon
and Metalgarurumon
fusing together.
He's the legendary knight
who can save the world.
Now, check out this fun fact.
Omnimon's flowing
cape blocks attacks
and has flying abilities.
Cool, huh?
Tentomon just reminded
he can block attacks too,
because he's like
a cape himself!
(intense music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] The children
and their Digimon.
Their unforgettable journey.
Their fated path is
about to reach an end.
[Tai] Next time,
The End of the Adventure.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.